DED-260 reorganizing authorisation content (#1212)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/authorization/authorizing-api-calls/index.mdx

---
weight: 10
category: "authorization"
subcategory: "authorizing-api-calls"

> title: "Authorizing API calls"

Reviewer: Some of the links in the **Use cases** table might no longer work as the documents were moved. For example, `[Personal Access Tokens](#personal-access-tokens)` will most likely not work.

# Agent authorization flows

> To find details about making calls to the [Agent Chat API](/messaging/agent-chat-api/) and [Configuration API](/management/configuration-api/), please see the [Agent Authorization](/authorization/agent-authorization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find details about authorizing calls to the [Agent Chat API](/messaging/agent-chat-api/) and the [Configuration API](/management/configuration-api/), please see [Agent Authorization](/authorization/agent-authorization/).
```

# Customer authorization flows

> To find details about making calls to [Customer Chat API](/messaging/customer-chat-api/), please see the [Customer Authorisation](/authorization/customer-authorization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find details about authorizing calls to the [Customer Chat API](/messaging/customer-chat-api/), please see [Customer Authorization](/authorization/customer-authorization/).
```
